docs: modify Docusaurus related (#1554)
web-infra-dev/rspress: packages/document/docs/en/guide/start/introduction.mdx

[Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/ 'Docusaurus') is an open-source SSG framework by Meta. Like Rspress, it uses React as the rendering framework and supports MDX. However, the main differences between Rspress and Docusaurus are:

> 1. Rspress has better build performance based on the Rust front-end toolchain. For details, refer to [Build Performance](#build-performance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rspress uses [mdx-rs](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/mdx-rs) by default to provide better build performance. For details, see [Build Performance](#build-performance).
```
